dust
I just heard the assistant say that the Fifth Master Long is here
So what's going on?
Your old man protects his grandson, that's all
Fang Chen, hurry up
You'll be beaten to a pulp
Running away in case of trouble is not my style
Fang Chen, I know that the righteous protect female employees
But what would I do if something happened to you?
Wife, do you care about me?
Don't be afraid to see how I am invincible
It turned out, right?
I will go to a meeting
Grandpa helped him shut up
Don't even think about asking for a kiss.
Take the young master to the hospital
Humph
What should I do? Fang Chen took my body
My grandfather raised me
Medical expenses, Fang Chen
No.